Syntax: the rules for how a sentence is constructed
Semantics: the actual meaning of statements

Scripts: 
you can think of scripts as programs with a short development cycle that can be created and deployed rapidly.
In other words, a script is a program that is short, simple, and can be written very quickly.

Automation: 
Automation is the process of replacing a manual step with one that happens automatically
But for all of its advantages, automation isn't a solution for every situation. Some tasks just aren't suited for automation. 
For example, they may require a degree of creativity or flexibility that automatic systems can't provide. 
Or for more complicated or less frequently executed tasks, creating the automation may actually be more effort or cost than 
it's worth.
It is important to understand that basic automation is not the same as artificial intelligence. Automation is used to explicitly 
instruct a machine on how to perform a task. Artificial intelligence (AI) involves training a computing machine to perform more 
complex tasks through a process called machine learning. This process prepares the AI software to perform new tasks without a human
needing to program explicit instructions for each task. Although AI is often used for automating human tasks, AI automation is 
much more complex than basic automation.

some examples for automation tasks are:
- Periodically scanning the disk usage of a group of fileservers
- Installing software on laptops given to new employees when they are hired

Key Terms: 

Key Terms
Programming code - Programming code is a set of written computer instructions, guided by rules, using a computer programming language. It might help to think of the computer instructions as a detailed, step-by-step recipe for performing tasks. The instructions tell computers and machines how to perform an action. Programming code may also be referred to as source code or scripts.

Programming languages - Programming languages are similar to human spoken languages in that they both use syntax and semantics. Programming languages are used to write computer programs.  Some common programming languages include Python, Java, C, C++, C#, and R.

Syntax - Syntax is a set of rules for how statements are constructed in both human and computer languages. Programming syntax includes rules for the order of elements in programming instructions, as well as the use of special characters and their placements in statements. This concept is similar to the syntax rules for grammar and punctuation in human language.

Semantics - Semantics refers to the intended meaning or effect of statements, or collections of words, in both human and computer languages. Semantic errors are also referred to as logical errors.

Computer program - A computer program is a step-by-step list of instructions that a computer follows to reach an intended goal. It is important to be clear and precise about the actions a computer program is supposed to perform because computers will do exactly what they are instructed to do. Computer programs can be long, complex, and accomplish a variety of tasks. They are often developed by computer programmers and software engineers, but anyone can learn to create them. Computer programs may involve a structured development cycle. They can be written in a wide variety of programming languages, such as Python, Java, C++,  R, and more. The completed format of a program is often a single executable file.

Script - Scripts are usually shorter and less complex than computer programs. Scripts are often used to automate specific tasks. However, they can be used for complex tasks if needed. Scripts are often written by IT professionals, but anyone can learn to write scripts. Scripts have a shorter, less structured development cycle as compared to the development of complex computer programs and software. Scripts can be written in a variety of programming languages, like Python, Javascript, Ruby, Bash, and more. Some scripting languages are interpreted languages and are only compatible with certain platforms.

Automation - Automation is used to replace a repetitive manual step with one that happens automatically. 

Output - Output is the end result of a task performed by a function or computer program. Output can include a single value, a report, entries into a database, and more. 

Input - Input is information that is provided to a program by the end user. Input can be text, voice, images, biometrics, and more.   

Functions - A function is a reusable block of code that performs a specific task.

Variables - Variables are used to temporarily store changeable values in programming code. 

